INSTALLING.md is now up-to-date (#1009)
svsticky/constipated-koala: INSTALLING.md

PostgreSQL and Redis will now set itself up in the background, and will be available in
a minute or so.

> You'll need to run the `docker-compose up` command again (in a Nix-shell) if you

Reviewer: `docker-compose` doesn't need to be run in a nix-shell

reboot your computer to start the database again. If you like, you can run the
container in the background by adding `-d` to the mentioned command.

> If you're already running a copy of PostgreSQL, you can use this too.

Reviewer: This sentence belongs together with these lines:
> You'll need to create a user with all privileges for the
databases `koala-development` and `koala-test`, and set this in the `.env` file.

which you moved down a little bit.
I guess we can remove the lines, as most people that set up their own database will know how to set up things anyhow.

Author: I will remove them as I, someone fairly new to all this, didn't understand it, so taking that in account too I guess that most people don't have a use for it.

The previous command starts a process which should keep running while running Koala.

> In addition, the following dependency should also be kept running:

Reviewer: This should not strictly necessary when not working on the front-end.
I can imagine most people want hot reloading though, so maybe we should leave this as-is.

Reviewer: I also think we should try to set up a Nix environment with `foreman` or similar, which would give a oneline command to start the databases (Docker), the dev-server and Koala itself.
That would improve the developer first-time experience quite a bit, I'll look into this later.

Author: > This should not strictly necessary when not working on the front-end. I can imagine most people want hot reloading though, ...

I will mention what you said here, so that people can choose for themselves.

```console
bundle exec ./bin/webpack-dev-server
```

> This command should also be executed from within a Nux shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command should also be executed from within a Nix shell.
```

PostgreSQL and Redis will now set itself up in the background, and will be available in
a minute or so.
You'll need to run the `docker-compose up` command again if you
reboot your computer to start the database again. If you like, you can run the
container in the background by adding `-d` to the mentioned command.
If you're already running a copy of PostgreSQL, you can use this too.

> The previous command starts a process which should keep running while running Koala
> (unless you are part of the front-end, but it does enable hot-reloading. Choose for
> yourself). In addition, the following dependency should also be kept running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next command starts a process which enabled hot-reloading for the javascript and css.
If you're not working on the front-end, you can skip this step.
```

The text suggested that the previous command (docker-compose up) is optional, which is not the case.
